[Music]
within the DC superhero dimension in the
Lego universe Batman continues to
protect Gotham City and fight crime
during his latest mission to stop the
Joker from destroying the city he hurts
his feelings by telling him he is not as
important in his life as he thinks he is
leading Joker to seek the ultimate
revenge on him the following day
Batman's alter-ego Bruce Wayne attends
the city's winter gala which is
celebrating both the retirement of
Commissioner Gordon and the Ascension of
his daughter Barbara Gordon as the
city's new police commissioner only to
be infuriated by Barbara's plans to
restructure the police to function
without the need of Batman without
warning Joker crashes the party with the
city's other villains all of whom
surrender with the exception of Harley
Quinn who disappears during the
confusion suspecting his arch rivals up
to something Batman plots to steal
Superman's Phantom Zone projector a
device that can banish anyone to the
Phantom Zone which houses some of the
most dangerous villains in the lego
multiverse just as he plans his heist of
the device
Alfred intervenes and advises him to
take care of Dick Grayson whom Bruce
unintentionally adopted as his ward
during the gala reluctantly agreeing to
do so
Batman fosters Dick as Robin whereupon
the pair successfully recovered the
projector from the fortress of solitude
and break into Arkham Asylum to send
Joker to the Phantom Zone suspecting
that the Joker wanted to be sent there
Barbara locks up Batman and Robin for
their reckless actions while the
projector is being seized as evidence
Harley steals it back as part of Joker's
plan and frees him allowing him to
return to Gotham with all the villains
he had recruited in the Phantom Zone
realizing that the city does need him
Barbara releases Batman and Robin and
teams up with them and Alfred to stop
the Joker
although Batman finds himself able to
trust and rely on his new team upon
reaching Wayne island he chooses to send
them away rather than losing them like
his parents upon facing him alone
Joker believes that Batman is incapable
of change and saps into the Phantom Zone
before stealing the Batcave stash of
confiscated bombs arriving in the
Phantom Zone
Batman witnesses the harm his
selfishness has caused everyone and
slowly accepts his greatest fear making
a deal with the zones gatekeeper Phylis
a talking Lego brick to be allowed back
to Gotham in order to retrieve the zones
escaped prisoners Batman arrives in time
to save his teammates apologizing to
them for his actions and requesting
their help to stop Joker realizing that
Joker
plans to use the explosives he took to
destroy the city's energy facility thus
causing the city to come apart and be
destroyed Batman turns Barbara into
Batgirl before he his team and Gotham
City's other villains who felt neglected
by Joker managed to successfully send
the escaped villains back to the Phantom
Zone however the group failed to stop
Joker's bombs from going off as the
explosion begins to tear the city apart
at the plates beneath it knowing this
was his fault Batman reluctantly
convinced his Joker that he is the true
reason for being here he is before they
their friends and allies and the city's
inhabitants chain linked themselves
together and pull the plates back
together saving the city with the city
saved Batman prepares to be taken back
into the Phantom Zone to fulfill his
bargain only to be rejected by Phyllis
who chooses to let him remain after
seeing how much she had changed in order
to save everyone afterwards
Batman allows Joker and the rest of his
rogues to temporarily escape with the
confidence that whenever they return
there will be no match for Batman and
his family
[Music]